properties and benefits of the cucumber
Cucumber is one of the most vegetables
harvested and consumed worldwide
very healthy and nutritious possesses a high
percentage of water and is one of the
lower-calorie vegetables of the
that mother nature offers us
100 grams has only 13 with 28 calories
very useful and advisable in all
slimming diets and
detoxification let's see in this video the
number of properties that the
cucumber perhaps its main property is
which is an extraordinary diuretic for
what is very advisable when we have
problems in the urinary tract and
equally in the problems of cystitis
it is a vegetable with a high content
in fiber this makes cucumber ideal for
the weight loss cures since a
It is a very effective depurative of the
organism besides that it helps us to
regulate intestinal transit and
avoiding constipation
a very important fact of this jewel of
nature is the case of suffering
muscle aches catch the pulp of the
cucumber and make a crushed paste or
liquefied and apply with massage in
painful areas will see their
extraordinary efficiency
on the other hand and given the big
amounts of potassium that contains us
help in pressure and circulation
blood, achieving the perfect health of the
circulatory system so it is
convenient to consume it often at
contain silicon the cucumber is extremely
beneficial for our joints
since this substance strengthens
connective tissues is highly recommended
for people suffering from arthritis or
drop that you consume it frequently already
that eliminates toxins and uric acid
reducing the effects of these
ailments
very interesting to know that because of its high
contained in sulfur and silicon the cucumber
helps hair growth and is
good to eat it frequently and do
masks at the roots of the hair
with the pulp without crushed skin or
liquefied massaging well all areas
of the scalp especially in the
crown roots and upper area
no doubt the cucumber helps us
keep us in excellent health and
therefore we must consume it often
and